Update notifications.mdx (#91)
launchdarkly/LaunchDarkly-Docs: src/content/topics/integrations/Slack/notifications.mdx

## Overview

> This topic explains how to subscribe to flag notifications in Slack channels. You can receive notifications for when flags are created, updating, deleted, or ready for removal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic explains how to subscribe to flag notifications in Slack channels. You can receive notifications for when flags are created, updated, deleted, or ready for removal.
```

Author: nice fix

![A notification that a flag subscribed to the channel has had a status change.](../../images/slack-flag-change.png) 

## Receiving alerts when flags are ready to remove 

> In the slack app, you can subscribe to notifications when it’s time to remove flags from code. Removing from code is a necessary step before archiving flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Slack app, you can subscribe to notifications when it’s time to remove flags from code. Removing from code is a necessary step before archiving flags.
```

> Read about [deleting and archiving flags](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/managing-flags/flag-archive-delete) to learn how to keep your codebase clean. The Slack app makes it easy to receive notifications once flags are ready to remove.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read about [deleting and archiving flags](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/managing-flags/flag-archive-delete) to learn how to keep your code base clean. The Slack app makes it easy to receive notifications once flags are ready to remove.
```

You will get served a “ready to remove” notification when any flags that you subscribe to become “inactive” or “launched” in status code.

To set up a ready to remove flag alert:

> 1. Open the channel where you want to get notifcations on flags that are ready to remove.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the channel where you want to get notifications on flags that are ready to remove.
```

> 2. Type `/launchdarkly susbcribe`and press **Enter**. The filter modal appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Type `/launchdarkly subscribe` and press **Enter**. The filter modal appears.
```

> 3. Filter on the flag, project, environment, or tags where you want to be notified when flags have become "inactive" or "launched".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Filter on the project, environment, flag key, or flag tags where you want to be notified when flags have become "inactive" or "launched".
```

> 4. Select "Ready for removal" from the Actions dropdown, which lets you only be notified on flags that are ready to remove and archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select "Ready for removal" from the **Actions** dropdown, which lets you only be notified on flags that are ready to remove and archive.
```

> 5. Click **Filter**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Filter**.
```

Reviewer: Minor, but I unresolved this -- I do think we should add punctuation since this is a (short yet) complete sentence.

> 6. Click **Add flag to Channel** in the dropdown menu next to the flag you wish to subscribe to, or, click **Add filter to channel** if you want all of the results to show notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Add flag to channel** in the dropdown menu next to the flag you wish to subscribe to, or, click **Add filter to channel** if you want all of the results to show notifications.
```

> 7. You'll see a notification that your selections, along with the Action "ready for removal" has been added to the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. You'll see a notification that your subscription has been added to the channel.
```
